Provide parallel_one_host_only via workers config file (#5695)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/WritingTests.asciidoc

It is possible to ensure that all jobs within the same _parallel_ cluster are
executed on the same worker host. This is useful for connecting the SUTs without
having to connect the physical worker hosts. Use `PARALLEL_ONE_HOST_ONLY=1` to

> enable this. It is also possible to enable this setting as a global in
> `workers.ini`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enable this. This setting can be applied as a test variable during the time
of scheduling as well as in the worker configuration file `workers.ini`.
```

Author: Done

Reviewer 2: I don't see the suggestion by @okurz applied (but would also prefer his phrasing).

Author: yes, apparently I forgot to push. most of them should be there now

> of scheduling as well as in the worker configuration file `workers.ini`.

Reviewer 2: The whole feature hasn't been implemented yet so adding the documentation now is a bit problematic (as it would not really work just yet).

Reviewer: We won't merge this PR in this stage but I consider the approach to write the documentation first :)

Reviewer 2: With my latest changes we can include this documentation.
